README.md, before:

# Yuforms
Yuforms is open source improvable form web application. This application is my final project to graduate from Suleyman Demirel University computer engineering/computer sciense.
## Requirement Analysis
if the requirements look like poor for you don't worry. There is more idea in my mind to add in the project. I only want hold minimal the scale of this project for now.
Requirement analysis is turkish only.

| Dönem | Exam | Requirement | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Güz | Vize | Kayıt Ol | Kullanıcının uygulamanın bütün özelliklerini kullanabilmesi için kayıt olma işlemi |
| Güz | Vize | Giriş Yap | Kayıt olan üyenin ya da yöneticinin giriş yapma işlemi |
| Güz | Vize | Form Paylaş | Oluşturulan formun cevapların gönderilmesi için paylaşılması |
| Güz | Vize | Yanıtları Görüntüle | Forma verilen cevapların görüntülenmesi |
| Güz | Final | Şifremi Unuttum | Kayıtlı kullanıcının parolasını unutması durumunda mail yolu ile parola sıfırlaması yapması |
| Güz | Final | Form Düzenle | Paylaşılan formun üzerinde değişiklik yapılması |
| Güz | Final | Form Sil | Paylaşılan formun iptal edilmesi |
| Güz | Final | Form Erişim Seçeneklerini Yönet | Formu kimlerin cevaplama ve görüntüleme yetkisinin olup kimlerin olmayacağının yönetilmesi |
| Bahar | Vize | Yanıt Sil | Gelen yanıtların bir ya da birkaçını herhangi bir sebepten silme işlemi |
| Bahar | Vize | Şablonları Yönet ve Paylaş | Formların bir şablon haline getirilmesi ve oluşturulan bu şablonların paylaşılması |
| Bahar | Vize | Sosyal Medya İle Giriş | Google ve benzeri hesaplar ile üye olmaya gerek kalmadan giriş yapılabilmesi |
| Bahar | Vize | Forma Özel Renk Paleti Ayarla | Formun tek düzeliğini ortadan kaldırmak ve görünümü güzelleştirmek için forma özel renk atamaları |
| Bahar | Final | İstatistiksel Grafik Göster | Cevapların istatiksel bilgilerinin grafik üzerinde gösterimi |
| Bahar | Final | Form Bileşeni Boyut Yönetimi | Form bileşenlerinin daha esnek bir biçimde boyutlandırılması |
| Bahar | Final | Serbest Form Tasarımı | Bileşen ve diğer araçların konumlarının serbest olması ve bu konumların kilitlenmesi |
| Bahar | Final | Cevap Düzenle | Cevap veren kullanıcının cevabını düzenlemesi |

## Project Plan
![project plan](https://github.com/abdyek/yuforms/blob/master/assets/readme/plan.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

Requirement analysis and project plan were changed

README.md, after:

# Yuforms
Yuforms is open source improvable form web application. This application is my final project to graduate from Suleyman Demirel University computer engineering/computer sciense.
## Requirement Analysis
if the requirements look like poor for you don't worry. There is more idea in my mind to add in the project. I only want hold minimal the scale of this project for now.

| Dönem | Exam | Requirement | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- | ----------- | ----------- |
| Autumn | Midterm | Signup | Signup to use all functions of the web application |
| Autumn | Midterm | Confirm Email | Confirm email to finish sign up |
| Autumn | Midterm | Login | Login with account to use all functions |
| Autumn | Midterm | Forgot My Password | Reset my password by email |
| Autumn | Midterm | Change Password | Change password for any reason |
| Autumn | Midterm | Change Email | Change email for any reason |
| Autumn | Midterm | Log out | Log out account |
| Autumn | Final | Create Form | Create form to share |
| Autumn | Final | List My Forms | List my forms created by myself |
| Autumn | Final | Share Form | Share form for other users to submit it |
| Autumn | Final | Edit Form | Edit form if didn't share it |
| Autumn | Final | Delete Form | Delete form |
| Autumn | Final | Submit Form | Submit form to transfer info by form inputs |
| Autumn | Final | Manage Options of Form Access | Manage options of form access. It means which user types can access the form. |
| Spring | Midterm | Save as Template | Save form as template to share again anytime |
| Spring | Midterm | 2FA | Two factor authentication for account security |
| Spring | Midterm | Edit Template | Edit template |
| Spring | Midterm | Delete Template | Delete template |
| Spring | Midterm | Share Template | Share template other people |
| Spring | Midterm | Edit Answer | Edit answer submitted |
| Spring | Midterm | Freeze Account | Freeze account |
| Spring | Final | Delete Answer | Delete answer by admin |
| Spring | Final | Form Component Dimension Management | it means form inputs be more flexible |
| Spring | Final | Free Form Design | It means form tools can float in the page |
| Spring | Final | Set Color Palette to Form | Set color palette to form for customize |
| Spring | Final | Show Statistical Chart | Show statistical chart to analyze submits |
| Spring | Final | Show Answers | Show answers that come from form |
| Spring | Final | Log in with Socail Media | Log in  with socail media. google etc. |

## Project Plan
![project plan](https://github.com/abdyek/yuforms/blob/master/assets/readme/plan.png?raw=true)
